Answer the following Questions on page 246 of your text in a file called PROBLEMS.md, and submit it with the rest of your code this week. Note that we have added additional text in italics below to help clarify the questions.

1. Problem __10.3__: Suppose you wish to fill a stack with a copy of another, maintaining the order of elements. Using only Stack operations, describe how this would be done. How many additional stacks are necessary? *(Note: the original stack and its contents should be preserved. After completing the steps that you describe, there should be two identical stacks. You may create copies of elements.)*
    In order to create a new copy of the stack, you would need one other stack in addition to the original stack and the copied stack. Because stacks are LIFO (last in, first out) structures, you would iterate through the list starting from the last element and use the peek() function (instead of pop() because the original array should be preserved) to remove each element and push() it into a new temporary array. This new list now holds all the elements of the original list in reverse order. Then again starting from the last element of this list, you would pop each of the elements and push them into a new, third list. This list would now be a copy of the original list, as it holds all the elements of the initial list in the same order.

2. Problem __10.4__: Suppose you wish to reverse the order of elements of a stack. Using only Stack operations, describe how this would be done. Assuming you place the result in the original stack, how many additional stacks are necessary?
    To accomplish this, you would need two stacks in addition to the original one. Because stacks are LIFO (last in, first out) structures, you would start from the last element of the list and use the pop() function to remove each element and push() it into a new temporary array. This new list now holds all the elements of the original list in reverse order. Then again starting from the last element of this list, you would pop each of the elements and push them into a new, third list, which at the end of the transfer, would hold the elements of the original list in the same order. The last step would be to pop and push all the elements of the third list back into the original list. Since it started from the end, the original list would now hold all the elements of its initial state in reverse order.

3. Problem  __10.5__: Suppose you wish to copy a queue into another, preserving the order of elements. Using only Queue operations, describe how this would be done. *Also indicate the number of additional queues needed.*
    To copy a queue into another, you would only need one other queue in addition to the original one. Because queues are FIFO (first in, first out) structures, you would only need to remove() elements from the head of the original list and add() them to the tail end of a new list. The second queue created is then a copy of the initial queue with the same elements in the same order.
